Files in pyspan/scripts.

- `clean_coca_corpus.py`: Generates a DataFrame containing the frequency and probability of bigrams in the [COCA corpus of n-grams](https://www.ngrams.info/), used to select candidate procedural words (see `procedural_words.py`).
- `clean_leipzig_corpus.py`: Generates a DataFrame containing the frequency and probability of unigrams in the [Leipzig Corpora Collection](http://wortschatz.uni-leipzig.de/en/download/#corporaDownload).
- `compare_corpora.py`: Correlate information-theoretic metrics between the CongRec and presidential debates.
- `get_cossim_dist.py`: Generates cosine similarities of 10,000 randomly selected pairs of words so we can get an idea of the distribution of similarities.
- `get_interchangeable_terms.py`: Used for stimulus generation for study 2 in "Two kinds of discussion and types of conversation".
- `get_materials_for_procedural_words_coding.py`: Generates candidate procedural words (see `pyspan/README.md`).
- `get_w2v.py`: Essentially a wrapper for [gensim's word2vec model](https://radimrehurek.com/gensim/models/word2vec.html). Trains and saves a word2vec model using a pre-existing corpus. Used to generate the word2vec model used to select stimuli for study 2.
- `ks_test.py`: Runs a Kolmogorov-Smirnov test of the null that the empirical distributions of Democratic and Republican speech are the same.
- `metric_accuracy.py`: Print the classification accuracy of any metric generated by the BitCounter. Classification accuracy is the proportion of times the metric correctly indicates the correct party in the CongRec corpus. For example, if *logodds<sub>R</sub>(foo) > logodds<sub>D</sub>(foo)*, every time the word "foo" appears in Republican speech a hit would be recorded, while every time "foo" appears in Democratic speech a miss would be recorded.
